Add documentation for scylla logs integration (#5783)
DataDog/integrations-core: scylla/README.md

2. [Restart the Agent][4].

##### Log collection

> Scylla has different modes of outputting logs depending on the environment its running in.  See the [Scylla documentation][8] for more specifics on how the application generates logs.

Reviewer: When I was working on this section for flink, I noticed that most other integrations have a warning such as `Available for Agent >6.0` below the log header. I'm not sure if it's necessary to include but it could be helpful.

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need that anymore as we've deprecated Agent 5

Reviewer: Ok sounds good, I can delete the line from mine.

> Scylla has different modes of outputting logs depending on the environment its running in.  See the [Scylla documentation][8] for more specifics on how the application generates logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scylla has different modes of outputting logs depending on the environment it's running in.  See the [Scylla documentation][8] for more specifics on how the application generates logs.
```

Author: Nice catch, Sarah!

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

      ```yaml
       logs_enabled: true
     ```

> 2. Add the following configuration block to your `scylla.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `type`, `path`, and `service` parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample scylla.d/conf.yaml][9] for all available configuration options.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Uncomment and edit the logs configuration block in your `scylla.d/conf.yaml` file. Change the `type`, `path`, and `service` parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample scylla.d/conf.yaml][9] for all available configuration options.
```

      ```yaml
       logs:
         - type: file
           path: <LOG_FILE_PATH>
           source: scylla
           service: <SERVICE_NAME>
           #To handle multi line that starts with yyyy-mm-dd use the following pattern
           #log_processing_rules:
           #  - type: multi_line
           #    pattern: \d{4}\-(0?[1-9]|1[012])\-(0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01])
           #    name: new_log_start_with_date
     ```

3. [Restart the Agent][4].

> See [Datadog's documentation][10] for additional information on how to configure the agent for log collection in docker environments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See [Datadog's documentation][10] for additional information on how to configure the Agent for log collection in Docker environments.
```
